so last night on ABC new season of The
Bachelorette starting Bachelorette Becca
began this is a big event at our house
my wife Molly this show watching The
Bachelorette with my wife is like waking
up and finding out you were married to a
soccer hooligan like you didn't know she
watches it with fists like curled up in
a ball I don't even know who she is I
just sit there going like what the hell
is happening here
when the guys start pulling up the limos
to greet the Bachelorette she just mows
through them one by one so while she was
watching last night I said I couldn't
believe I just started writing down
everything she said she didn't know I
was writing it down but these are real
quotes she's locked into the TV and I'm
just transcribing as fast as I can again
all real a word-for-word you're wearing
a red jacket you're on TV and you're
wearing a red jacket and you rode in on
an ox you are a loser
Blake you can't marry a guy named Blake
what are you gonna say this is my
husband Blake one guy comes out she goes
get back in the limo go home starts
arguing with Becca as if Becca and her
are doing this together no he is not a
cutie
oh good some who couldn't get her get
her in high school thinks it's gonna
work now go back to Minnesota Jake this
is there's a guy who dunked basketball
good that is so embarrassing his first
move is I'm gonna dunk a basketball over
your head f off then after watching all
the different peoples he goes this is a
bad group
I bet Becca called the casting director
crying that night and she when she was
realizing what was having she goes I
hate myself for loving this
I have children then she spotted a bag
of snacks our daughter left on the end
table she goes oh I found some cheddar
bunnies and then once she ate the
cheddar Buddy she calmed down
so anyway the actual bachelorette Becca
began her amazing journey with 28 men
it's whittled down to 21 now Becca met
some interesting fellows last night but
the standout the guy who I believe is is
our designated d-bag this year is a male
model named Jordan who I think has some
serious bachelor in paradise potential
hey I'm Jordan I'm 26 and I am a
professional model my brand is the
pensive gentleman you have a glass of
scotch you could have a book in his hand
he could have a flower thing giving it
to a lady I started to realize that you
know I'm so focused on myself and I'm
really losing out on potentially sharing
myself with someone else
modeling is so much more than being
ridiculously good-looking you're talking
gym year-round tan year-round salt spray
year-round there's so much involved it's
it's taxing if I don't get a rose
tonight it's it's the biggest upset of
all time I can't go home it wouldn't be
fair to Becca I mean I'm a fashion model
come on you know keep me around last
mikandi going around he has something
she's he seems down-to-earth and of
course he got a rose but he won't be the
one Becca chooses you he'll be around
until week six because he's too he says
too many dopey things for him to vote
him off quickly they have to keep him
around the winner of The Bachelorette
every season at the beginning of the
show I pick which contestant I believe
will go to the distance really my wife
picks him but I take credit for it and
we're good at this we picked 500 last
six winners on The Bachelor and four out
of the past six on The Bachelorette it's
why they call me roaster Adamas and this
might be the worst group of guys yet
this is women though these are the guys
who tried to hook up either at the end
of the party and college but you weren't
quite drunk enough to give in they're
all assembled here and with that said
here are my final four number one Ryan
banjo player seems like a nice guy has
dimples Ryan will make it to the
hometown visits David even though David
dresses a chicken seem like only one of
the only guys you don't have to worry my
drop a pill in your wine glass David
will be
not final four and then yes Blake Blake
seems super cheesy and who could imagine
being married to a man named Blake but
like I said they get each other he may
be the guy she goes back to after she
dumps the guy she picks and that man
will be Garrett back you said I could
see Garrett fitting in with my friends
and family which means she already sees
a future with them I think Ryan and
Garrett will be the top two and the end
Becca will go with Garrett until she
finds out about all the terrible stuff
he posted online then they will break up
but until then it will be Becca and
Garrett and may God have mercy on us all
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel and this is the
Internet I made it myself
hit subscribe if you liked it